Refactoring positive integers (#1059)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/elementary-number-theory/positive-and-negative-integers.lagda.md

Reviewer: This file is looking really good!

  {x : ℤ} → is-negative-ℤ x → is-positive-ℤ (neg-ℤ x)
is-positive-neg-is-negative-ℤ {inl x} H = H

neg-negative-ℤ : negative-ℤ → positive-ℤ
neg-negative-ℤ (x , H) = neg-ℤ x , is-positive-neg-is-negative-ℤ H
```

### Negated properties

#### Nonpositivity is negated positivity

```agda
not-is-positive-is-nonpositive-ℤ :
  {x : ℤ} → is-nonpositive-ℤ x → ¬ (is-positive-ℤ x)
not-is-positive-is-nonpositive-ℤ {inr (inl x)} _ q = q
not-is-positive-is-nonpositive-ℤ {inr (inr x)} p _ = p

is-nonpositive-not-is-positive-ℤ :
  {x : ℤ} → ¬ (is-positive-ℤ x) → is-nonpositive-ℤ x
is-nonpositive-not-is-positive-ℤ {x} H =
  rec-coproduct
    ( λ K → ex-falso (H K))
    ( id)
    ( decide-is-positive-is-nonpositive-ℤ)
```

#### Nonnegativity is negated negativity

```agda
not-is-negative-is-nonnegative-ℤ :
  {x : ℤ} → is-nonnegative-ℤ x → ¬ (is-negative-ℤ x)
not-is-negative-is-nonnegative-ℤ {x} H K =
  not-is-positive-is-nonpositive-ℤ
    ( is-nonpositive-neg-is-nonnegative-ℤ H)
    ( is-positive-neg-is-negative-ℤ K)

is-nonnegative-not-is-negative-ℤ :
  {x : ℤ} → ¬ (is-negative-ℤ x) → is-nonnegative-ℤ x
is-nonnegative-not-is-negative-ℤ {x} H =
  rec-coproduct
    ( λ K → ex-falso (H K))
    ( id)

>     ( decide-is-negative-is-nonnegative-ℤ)

Author: ok. fixed that. Do you want me to also change the name of `remainder-min-dist-succ-x-not-is-nonzero` in the Bezout's for natural numbers module?

>     ( decide-is-negative-is-nonnegative-ℤ)

Reviewer: When it comes to the files about Bezout's lemma, do whatever makes your life the easiest (aside from outright deleting the files of course 😅)

>     ( decide-is-negative-is-nonnegative-ℤ)

Author: I'll definitely sleep better if the names are consistent across the files.

```agda
open import elementary-number-theory.integers
open import elementary-number-theory.natural-numbers
open import elementary-number-theory.negative-integers
open import elementary-number-theory.nonnegative-integers
open import elementary-number-theory.nonpositive-integers
open import elementary-number-theory.positive-integers

open import foundation.action-on-identifications-functions
open import foundation.coproduct-types
open import foundation.dependent-pair-types
open import foundation.embeddings
open import foundation.empty-types
open import foundation.equality-coproduct-types
open import foundation.equivalences
open import foundation.function-types
open import foundation.homotopies
open import foundation.identity-types
open import foundation.injective-maps
open import foundation.negated-equality
open import foundation.negation
open import foundation.propositions
open import foundation.retractions
open import foundation.sections
open import foundation.sets
open import foundation.subtypes
open import foundation.transport-along-identifications
open import foundation.unit-type
open import foundation.universe-levels
```

</details>

## Idea

> The relations between negativity, nonpositivity, nonnegativity and positivity of
> integers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this file, we outline basic relations between negative, nonpositive, nonnegative, and positive 
integers.
```

# The positive, negative, nonnegative and nonpositive integers

```agda
module elementary-number-theory.positive-and-negative-integers where
```

<details><summary>Imports</summary>

```agda
open import elementary-number-theory.integers
open import elementary-number-theory.natural-numbers
open import elementary-number-theory.negative-integers
open import elementary-number-theory.nonnegative-integers
open import elementary-number-theory.nonpositive-integers
open import elementary-number-theory.nonzero-integers
open import elementary-number-theory.positive-integers

open import foundation.coproduct-types
open import foundation.dependent-pair-types
open import foundation.empty-types
open import foundation.function-types
open import foundation.identity-types
open import foundation.negated-equality
open import foundation.negation
open import foundation.unit-type
```

</details>

## Idea

In this file, we outline basic relations between negative, nonpositive,
nonnegative, and positive integers.

## Properties

> ### The only nonnegative and nonpositive integer is `zero-ℤ`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The only nonnegative and nonpositive integer is zero
```
